As your business needs change, you may want to replace your license
with a new one that provides more license seats or additional services.
To replace and delete licenses, log in to your Knox Admin Portal, and go to Licenses.
Then, select the license you want to replace.
We're going to replace this license that has a device enrolled to Knox Manage.
Click Actions and Replace license.
Now you can choose a license to replace the one you selected.
When you replace a license,
your devices move from the old license to the new one if all services they're enrolled in are available on the new license.
You can also delete licenses that have no devices on them.
Simply click on the license name, and click Delete license.
To learn more about our services,
please visit our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!